Add sensitive data collected (#6352)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/django/index.mdx

</Note>

## Data Collected

> The Django integration uses the [WSGI Integration](/platforms/python/configuration/integrations/wsgi/) and for projects with Django Channels additionally the [ASGI Integration](/platforms/python/configuration/integrations/asgi/) internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Django integration uses the [WSGI Integration](/platforms/python/configuration/integrations/wsgi/). In addition, if projects use Django Channels, the [ASGI Integration](/platforms/python/configuration/integrations/asgi/) is used internally.
```

### Data Collected by Issue Reporting

> |                                                                                                                                                   | Send PII: Off <br/>`(send_default_pii=False)` <br/>(DEFAULT)                                                    | Send PII: On <br/>`(send_default_pii=True)` <br/>&nbsp;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Type of data collected                                                                                                                                             | Send PII: Off <br/>`(send_default_pii=False)` <br/>(DEFAULT)                                                    | Send PII: On <br/>`(send_default_pii=True)` <br/>&nbsp;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| Performance spans                                                                                                                                 | <span style="color: #69C289;">Not Sent</span>                                                                   | <span style="color: #69C289;">Not Sent</span>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

### Data Collected by Performance Monitoring

<Note>

The parameter `traces_sample_rate` needs to be set when initializing the Sentry SDK to monitor performance.

</Note>

> |                                                                                                                                                   | Send PII: Off <br/>`(send_default_pii=False)` <br/>(DEFAULT)                                                    | Send PII: On <br/>`(send_default_pii=True)` <br/>&nbsp;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Type of data collected                                                                                                                                                  | Send PII: Off <br/>`(send_default_pii=False)` <br/>(DEFAULT)                                                    | Send PII: On <br/>`(send_default_pii=True)` <br/>&nbsp;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
